Build a Job Application Form
Build an app that is functionally similar to this example project. Try not to copy the example project, give it your own personal style.

Objective: Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

User Stories:

You should have a div element with the class container.
Inside the div element, you should have a form element.
The form should contain an input element with the type text and the id name for entering the user's full name.
You should have another input element with the type email and the id email for entering the user's email address.
The form should include a select element with the id position that allows users to select a job position.
You should have a fieldset element with class of radio-group.
Inside .radio-group you should have a set of input elements with the type radio and relevant labels for selecting availability options (e.g., Full-Time, Part-Time). The group name should be availability.
You should have a textarea element with the id message for entering a message.
You should associate every input element with a label element.
You should have a button element with the type submit for submitting the form.
Add a :focus pseudo-class to the input and textarea elements to change their border color when focused.
The input, select and textarea elements should have an :invalid pseudo-class that changes the border color to red when invalid input is detected.
The input, select and textarea elements should have a :valid pseudo-class that changes the border color to green when valid input is entered.
The button element should have a :hover pseudo-class that changes the background color when hovered over.
Use the :checked pseudo-class on .radio-group input[type="radio"] to add a border color, background color and a box shadow when the radio button is selected.
Use the :checked pseudo-class on radio buttons to change the text color of the associated label when the option is selected.
Add a :first-of-type pseudo-class to the input element to style the first input field differently. (e.g., rounded corners).
Note: Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

Run the Tests (Ctrl + Enter)
Reset this lesson
Get Help
Tests
Passed:1. You should have a div element with the class container.
Passed:2. Inside the div element, you should have a form element.
Passed:3. The form should contain an input element with the type text and the id name for entering the user's full name.
Passed:4. You should have another input element with the type email and the id email for entering the user's email address.
Passed:5. The form should include a select element with the id position with some option elements.
Passed:6. You should have a fieldset or section element with the class .radio-group.
Passed:7. Inside .radio-group you should have a group of input elements with the type radio for selecting availability options. The group name should be availability.
Passed:8. You should have a textarea element with the id message for entering a message.
Passed:9. You should associate every input element with a label element.
Passed:10. You should have a button element with the type submit for submitting the form.
Passed:11. You should add a :focus pseudo-class to the input and textarea elements to change their border color when focused. Use a list selector in the given order.
Passed:12. The input, select and textarea elements should have an :invalid pseudo-class that changes the border color to red when invalid input is detected. Use a list selector in the given order.
Passed:13. The input, select and textarea elements should have a :valid pseudo-class that changes the border color to green when valid input is entered. Use a list selector in the given order.
Passed:14. The button element should have a :hover pseudo-class that changes the background color when hovered over.
Passed:15. You should use the :checked pseudo-class on .radio-group input[type="radio"] to add a border color when the radio button is selected.
Passed:16. You should use the :checked pseudo-class on .radio-group input[type="radio"] to add a background color when the radio button is selected.
Passed:17. You should use the :checked pseudo-class on .radio-group input[type="radio"] to add a box shadow when the radio button is selected.
Passed:18. You should use the :checked pseudo-class on radio buttons to change the text color of the associated label when the option is selected.
Passed:19. Add a :first-of-type pseudo-class to the input elements to style the first input field differently.